Israel's military says it will intensify
strikes on Hamas controlled Gaza ahead
of an expected ground offensive more
than 50 people were killed overnight in
Israeli attacks according to Hamas
government sources now meanwhile the
Israeli military repeated its warnings
for civilians in the north of The
Enclave to move South for their own
safety but Israel has also made clear
that it plans to continue its
bombardments
there Israeli strikes on Gaza southern
city of Khan
Unice Medics Rush dozens of wounded to
hospitals media Reports say the strikes
hit a family home near a un school which
was housing recently displaced
cousins seven were killed and around 40
wounded there were more casualties at a
refugee camp in the middle of the Gaza
Strip Israeli air strikes reportedly
killed at least seven there and wounded
dozens more including
children a home in Northern Gaza was
also
[Applause]
hit the air strike hit them while they
were sleeping innocent children with
their father and
grandmother while they were
sleeping what did they do did they carry
weapons these are innocent children who
know nothing when will this end we've
been in a war for years and people are
just
watching Israel Wars it will increase
its strikes on Gaza As It prepares for a
possible ground
offensive we will minimize the dangers
to our forces in the next stages of the
war and from today we're going to
increase our attacks so I called on the
residents of Gaza City specifically to
move South for their
safety around gaza's Border in southern
Israel the military buildup is
visible Israel has vowed to wipe out the
islamist terrorist group Hamas after its
brutal assault on Israel that claimed
lives but the civilian toll has been
heavy with more than 4,000 people killed
in Gaza so
far and in the West Bank Israeli
security forces have a clashed with
Palestinians Israel says it's carrying
out operations there as well as in Gaza
to capture and kill Hamas militants the
United Nations says dozens of people
including children have been killed in
the West Bank since the Hamas Terror
attacks on Israel two weeks
ago Friday prayers sound out in rala the
West Bank's biggest
city
but the faithfuls prayers soon turned to
protest against Israel's devastating
strikes on
Gaza this woman says her whole family is
there shame for what is happening to
them they slaughtered children and women
we do not forgive the Arab countries
because they let us down they did not
stand by us they left us alone I hope
someone will listen we don't need empty
words we need someone that stands by us
and more and more feel that Hamas is
doing just
that we are your soldiers Muhammad daif
they chant praising hamas's military
Wing
Commander the West Bank is not governed
by Hamas but by fut the party that
controls the Palestinian Authority or PA
it's widely seen as weak corrupt and
ineffective and now more than ever the
PA blames Israel and the West for its
fragile legitimacy growing by the day
don't forget last September Abu maazin
stood before the general assembly he had
made it clear that the International
Community is failing the Palestinians
that the Palestinian Authority has the
responsibility and obligation to protect
its people but Israel is making its
actions not on void Israel is putting
hurdles there are other hurdles for the
PA in the two weeks since hamasa attack
on Israel here in the West Bank at least
80 people have been killed in
confrontations with Israeli forces and
armed Jewish
settlers on Thursday an Israeli raid an
air strike on a refugee camp in the
region killed 133 people including five
children anger here is
growing this group of protesters may be
small but it's enough for the Israeli
military to take strong
action up on the hilltop you can see
Israeli snipers they've been shooting
lives bounds of ammunition to these
protesters who've been burning tires and
throwing stones so far the paramedics
say seven people have been shot
including one of their
own the West Bank is not a major focus
of the Israeli military response for now
but with the public losing even more
faith in the Palestinian Authority and
support for Hamas apparently growing
there is a fear here that that could
soon
change let's get an update from our
correspondent funny faar in Jerusalem
funny what can you tell us about these
reports of overnight strikes in the West
Bank well there's been so much focus on
Gaza Strip that people may believe that
that's pretty much where the violence is
taking place only but it's not the case
in fact the West Bank has been in the
focus also during the past 18 months uh
when it comes to clashes between Israeli
forces and Palestinian militants and
Israel is saying that they struck
basically what appears to be an
operational compound underneath a mosque
which again is located in jine refugee
camp in occupied West Bank now that
refugee camp is seen basically as a
stronghold of various militant groups
including Hamas militants but also
Islamic Jihad now they conflicting
numbers just how many people have been
killed we're hearing several and as I
have to say once again it doesn't come
by surprise because as the situation is
evolving here in Israel there is vence
flaring up on different size here being
on on the North uh Israel bordering
Lebanon in the South obviously uh where
there's a lot of focus on and when it
comes this to the situation in occupied
West Bank it's really unclear in fact
how it's going to go on from here and
also whether other stakeholders here are
going to get involved in fact we are
just hearing media reports from Syrian
State media which we cannot verify that
apparently Israel has struck several
airports including the Damascus and the
Aleppo intern airports in Syria once
again we cannot verify but certainly all
of this can be seen in the context that
it is extremely becoming complex and
dangerous uh how uh the dynamic is
evolving as Israel says they're getting
ready for the next face with what they
call is a war against Hamas militants
and let's look more closely at the
situation in Gaza then the IDF has again
asked residents to move toward the south
of the Gaza Strip are people taking
heed well according to official numbers
at least Israel says that 700,000 people
have already left Northern Gaza and uh
in in the southern the Central and the
southern part of Gaza Strip but if you
do the math that would mean that about
400,000 people are still in Northern
Gaza we're talking about elderly people
we are talking about doctors who
obviously do not want to leave their
patients behind and we simply talking
about people who cannot go to the South
because there's no way for them to uh
get a way of transportation and also
once has to understand while Israel is
calling for that evacuation there's
constant bombardment of Gaza Strip so
it's a really difficult situation
however when I start the line and uh
I've been uh hearing about Israel
calling on people in Gaza Strip to
evacuate now for days that this is in
fact the first time where I would say
really indicates that the next phase of
the war is imminent because IDF
basically said that they want to make
sure uh that that those who can leave
basically leave before they're going to
uh uh step up the operation and quote
increase attacks now the UN has pointed
out that there has to be a ceasefire
however and we have seen that that there
at the Cairo peace Summit there's been
no agreement whatsoever calling for a
ceasefire to the situation for the
people in Gaza Strip in fact regardless
where they are but specifically in the
north especially it's getting
increasingly dire increasingly dangerous
and they're just trying to survive funny
thank you for that update that is funny
forar for us in
Jerusalem